---
---

<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/toc.css">

h2. Data Sketches
* "Key Features":KeyFeatures.html
* "The Challenge":theChallenge.html
* "Sketch Origins":SketchOrigins.html
* "Sketch Elements":SketchElements.html

h2. Theta Sketches
* "Theta Sketch Framework":ThetaSketchFramework.html

h3. Accuracy
* "Basic Accuracy":Accuracy.html
* "Accuracy Plots":AccuracyPlots.html
* "Relative Error Table":ErrorTable.html

h3. Size
* "Theta Sketch Size":ThetaSize.html

h3. Speed
* "Update Speed":UpdateSpeed.html
* "Merge Speed":MergeSpeed.html

h3. Set Operations
* "Set Operations":ThetaSketchSetOps.html
* "SetOp Accuracy":ThetaSketchSetOpsAccuracy.html

h3. Other Capabilities
* "Large Scale":LargeScale.html
* "Large-scale system Adaptors":Adaptors.html
* "Memory Package":MemoryPackage.html
* "<i>p</i>-Sampling":Sampling.html

h2. HLL Sketches
* "HLL Sketch":HLL.html

h2. Getting Started

h3. Code Examples
* "Code Examples":CodeExamples.html

h3. KMV Tutorial
* "The Inverse Estimate":InverseEstimate.html
* "Empty Sketch":KMVempty.html
* "First Estimator":KMVfirstEst.html
* "Better Estimator":KMVbetterEst.html
* "Rejection Rules":KMVrejection.html
* "Update V(kth) Rule":KMVupdateVkth.html

h3. Theta Sketch Theory
* <a href="ThetaSketchFramework.pdf">Theta Sketch Framework (PDF)<a>
* <a href="SketchEquations.pdf">Sketch Equations (PDF)</a>
* "Confidence Intervals Notes":ConfidenceIntervals.html
* "Merging Algorithm Notes":MergingAlgorithm.html

h2. Other Information
* "Who Uses":whoUses.html
<!-- * "Endorsements":endorsements.html -->
* "License":/LICENSE.html